RHDEVDOCS 6074 change from clustertasks to new cluster resolver tasks- existing docs part (#77342)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-disabling-cluster-tasks-and-pipeline-templates.adoc

        value: 'true'
----

[IMPORTANT]
====

> In {pipelines-title} 1.10, cluster task functionality is deprecated and is planned to be removed in a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {pipelines-title} 1.10, ClusterTask functionality is deprecated and is planned to be removed in a future release.
```

Reviewer: @koustav @vdemeester Should we mention OSP 1.16 or OSP 1.17 here instead of future releases if we are sure to remove in 1.16 or 1.17 ??

Reviewer 2: Well, it will depend on upstream (and as it looks right now, one of us doing the change), so we either decide 1.16 or 1.17 or we can stay vague about it 🙃

Reviewer 3: I'm OK with `future release` until we are 99% sure :)

Author: Replaced the functionality description in all cases of this note - I do see what you mean here

> In {pipelines-title} 1.10, `ClusterTask` functionality  is deprecated and is planned to be removed in a future release.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
In {pipelines-title} 1.10, `ClusterTask` custom resource is deprecated and is planned to be removed in a future release.
```
If it's a CR, why not jut say so? Regardless, there is still an extra space before "is that shows up the previews.

Author: Unfortunately it is not just a custom resource, it is the entire way to reference this custom resource (the corresponding YAML section is also named ClusterTask). I really can't make it more specific without a mini-lecture, and just "cluster task" is unfortunately ambiguous in context.
